docs: update flow and language of single-fetch.md (#9512)
remix-run/remix: docs/guides/single-fetch.md

**1. Enable the future flag**

```diff
  remix({
    future: {
      // ...
+     unstable_singleFetch: true,
    },
  }),
```

**2. Update or remove `installGlobals`**

Single Fetch requires using [`undici`][undici] as your `fetch` polyfill, or using the built-in `fetch` on Node 20+, because it relies on APIs available there that are not in the `@remix-run/web-fetch` polyfill. Please refer to the [Undici][undici-polyfill] section in the 2.9.0 release notes below for more details.

- If you are using Node 20+, remove `installGlobals()` and use Node's built-in `fetch` (this is the same thing as `undici`).
- If you are managing your own server and calling `installGlobals()`, you will need to call `installGlobals({ nativeFetch: true })` to use `undici`.

  ```diff
  - installGlobals()
  + installGlobals({ nativeFetch: true })
  ```

- If you are using `remix-serve`, it will use `undici` automatically if Single Fetch is enabled.

> **3. Replace `renderToString`**

Author: Good idea, I added this to the top

> For most Remix apps it's unlikely you're using `renderToString`, but if you have opted into using it in your `entry.server.tsx`, then continue reading, otherwise you can skip this step.

> **3. Replace `renderToString`**

Reviewer: ps. when I reading this, I am reminded of the `Inline Scripts` section below.

Both may not apply to everyone, but your app would break if you use these things and did not update.

Maybe both of those things should go into this step together.

This does not mean you _have_ to stream down your HTTP response, you can still send the full document at once by leveraging the `onAllReady` option in `renderToPipeableStream`, or the `allReady` promise in `renderToReadableStream`.

On the client side, this also means that your need to wrap your client-side [`hydrateRoot`][hydrateroot] call in a [`startTransition`][starttransition] call because the streamed data will be coming down wrapped in a `Suspense` boundary.

## Breaking Changes

As mentioned above, if you are returning `Response` instances from your loaders (i.e., `json`/`defer`) you shouldn't _need_ to make many changes to your app code. To get better type inference and prepare for React Router v7 you can [migrate your routes one by one][migration-guide].

> There are a few important breaking changes Single Fetch introduces which are important to cover:

Reviewer: In a way the entire `Breaking Changes` section felt like it can be deleted and instead be listed as steps in `Enabling Single Fetch` section as must do.

Otherwise there is a inconsistency with `installGlobals` being the only thing that live in both `Breaking Change` and `Enabling Single Fetch`

<docs-info>In order to get proper type inference, you first need to add `@remix-run/react/future/single-fetch.d.ts` to the end of your `tsconfig.json`'s `compilerOptions.types` array. You can read more about this in the [Type Inference section](#type-inference).</docs-info>

```tsx
import { unstable_defineLoader as defineLoader } from "@remix-run/node";

export const loader = defineLoader(async () => {
  const data = await fetchSomeData();
  return {
    message: data.message, // <- string
    date: data.date, // <- Date
  };
});

export default function Component() {
  const data = useLoaderData<typeof loader>();
  //    ^? { message: string, date: Date }
}
```

## Migrating a Route with Single Fetch

The following changes are not required to take advantage of Single Fetch (refer to [Enabling Single Fetch][start] to get started). We recommend making the following changes on a route-by-route basis, as it's easier to validate changes to things like headers and data types.

Making these changes will ensure a smooth, non-breaking upgrade to React Router v7.

> 

Reviewer: ❤️ 💟 😍

### Type Inference

> Without Single Fetch, any plain Javascript object returned from a `loader` or `action` is automatically serialized into a JSON response (as if you returned it via `json`). The type inference assumes this is the case and infers naked object returns as if they were JSON serialized.

Reviewer: The [Type Inference](https://remix.run/docs/en/main/guides/single-fetch#type-inference) in mentioned here under `Migrating a Route with Single Fetch` section as  optional change. 

But it is also mentioned in `Breaking Changes`
![Screenshot 2024-05-30 at 5 15 24 PM](https://github.com/remix-run/remix/assets/1610169/db2fcaa4-2443-4886-90bb-c7663e4a0eca)

A little confuse as to if this is a Breaking or Optional change.

Author: Yeah, I get what you're saying. It's more that the current type inference is buggy if you return naked objects (since `useLoader<typeof loader>()` assumes that the return value is serialized

There's probably a better way to say that, but basically if you want to get the best type safety you need to adopt `defineLoader`/`defineAction`

  - `headers.append` can be used to set the same header from both a parent and child handler
  - `headers.delete` can be used to delete a value set by a parent handler, but not a value set from a child handler

> Because Single Fetch supports naked object returns, and you no longer need to return a `Response` instance to set status/headers, the `json`/`redirect`/`redirectDocument`/`defer` utilities should be considered deprecated when using Single Fetch.

Reviewer 2: Maybe append this with something super clear like "these will remain for the duration of v2 so you don't need to remove the immediately.  They will likely be removed in the next major version so we recommend remove them incrementally between now and then." or something

Author: Added! Thanks for the suggestion

If a resource route is intended for consumption by internal Remix APIs, we _want_ to be able to leverage the `turbo-stream` encoding to unlock the ability to stream down more complex structures such as `Date` and `Promise` instances. However, when accessed externally, we'd probably prefer to return the more easily consumable JSON structure. Thus, the behavior is slightly ambiguous if you return a raw object in v2 - should it be serialized via `turbo-stream` or `json()`?

To ease backwards-compatibility and ease the adoption of the Single Fetch future flag, Remix v2 will handle this based on whether it's accessed from a Remix API or externally. In the future Remix will require you to return your own [JSON response][returning-response] if you do not want raw objects to be streamed down for external consumption.

> The Remix v2 behavior with Single Fetch enabled is as follows:

Author: I can't comment where I want to, but down below I find these examples a little confusing. Since we're going to be deprecating `json` we should probably update these examples to use `new Response` instead, right?

I get that some instances we're trying to show a migration path, but I think it's a bit confusing to recommend using `json` when we also talk about how we're going to remove it in rr7

#### Response Stub and Resource Routes

As discussed above, the `headers` export is deprecated in favor of a new [`response` stub][responsestub] passed to your `loader` and `action` functions. This is somewhat confusing in resource routes, though, because you get to return the _actual_ `Response` - there's no real need for a "stub" concept because there's no merging results from multiple loaders into a single Response:

```tsx filename=app/routes/resource.tsx
// Using your own Response is the most straightforward approach
export async function loader() {
  const data = await getData();

>   const body = JSON.stringify(data);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

}
```

To keep things consistent, resource route `loader`/`action` functions will still receive a `response` stub and you can use it if you need to (maybe to share code amongst non-resource route handlers):

```tsx filename=app/routes/resource.tsx

> // But you can still set values on the response stubstraightforward approach

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// But you can still set values on the response stub
```
